Electron: Allow screenshare to work with camera video (#1045)
AgoraIO/Docs-Source: shared/video-sdk/develop/product-workflow/project-implementation/electron.mdx

        agoraEngine.muteRemoteAudioStream(remoteUID, isMuted);
    }
    ```

> 3.  **Display the screen sharing stream locally**

Reviewer: Would it be possible to use either stream or track everywhere?

Author: That's a good point, resolved

>     Setup a `VideoCanvas` and use it in the `setupScreenSharing` method to show the screen track locally. The new `VideoCanvas` enables you to publish your screen track along with your local video. In `preload.js`, add the following method before `window.onload = () => `:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set up a `VideoCanvas` and use it in the `setupScreenSharing` method to show the screen track locally. The new `VideoCanvas` enables you to publish your screen track along with your local video. In `preload.js`, add the following method before `window.onload = () => `:
```
